[ci]: iroha2 commits message format checking (#2723)
hyperledger/iroha: hooks/README.md

By signing off your commits, you certify that you have the right to contribute the code within the signed-off commits, i.e. that you are not violating copyright law, DMCA, or any software patent. Check [Developer Certificate of Origin](https://developercertificate.org/) for details.

To learn more about why we require the `signed-off-by:` line, please consult [this question on Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1962094/what-is-the-sign-off-feature-in-git-for).

> ## Commits message validation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Commit message validation
```

The `commit-msg` hook will automatically check your commits for the correct message format.

> Commits message policy is similar to the [Pull Request Title policy](https://github.com/hyperledger/iroha/blob/iroha2-dev/.github/workflows/iroha2-dev-pr-title.yml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Commit message policy is similar to the [Pull Request Title policy](https://github.com/hyperledger/iroha/blob/iroha2-dev/.github/workflows/iroha2-dev-pr-title.yml).
```

> Each commit message must be started with one of the following template (#$issue_number is optional for all commits types except "[feature]":

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each commit message must be started with one of the following template (#$issue_number is optional for refactoring documentation and **some** ci-related commits:
```

> Each commit message must be started with one of the following template (#$issue_number is optional for all commits types except "[feature]":

Reviewer: to add to Aleksandr's suggestion:
```suggestion
Each commit message must start with one of the following templates (#$issue_number is optional for refactoring documentation and **some** ci-related commits:
```
